IBC patch upgrade (#4)
regen-network/governance: proposals/2021-11-ibc-patch-upgrade/README.md

# IBC Patch Upgrade

> The recent upgrade to Regen Ledger v2 was a great success. However there's a bug in the integration, which created an issue for IBC transfers. IBC transfers are not going through currently due to a missing migration for the IBC module. Regen Ledger v2.1.0 fixes that and this proposal is to conduct an emergency upgrade to avoid any further potential issues with the IBC client expiry. If the IBC client expires, the funds would get stuck in the expired channel, so we need to upgrade the network to fix this before the IBC clients expire.

Author: ```suggestion
The recent upgrade to Regen Ledger v2 was a great success. However there's a bug in the integration, which created an issue for IBC transfers. IBC transfers are not going through currently due to a missing migration for the IBC module. Regen Ledger v2.1.0 fixes that and this proposal is to conduct an emergency upgrade to avoid any further potential issues with IBC client expiry. If IBC clients expire, the funds would get stuck in the expired channel, so we need to upgrade the network to fix this before IBC clients expire.
```

> This proposal expects every validator to update their regen software to v2.1.0 before the block height 3126318 and then to vote on this proposal. A yes vote on this proposal conveys that the validator has updated their binaries to v2.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This proposal expects every validator to update their regen software to v2.1.0 before the block height 3126912 and then to vote on this proposal. A yes vote on this proposal conveys that the validator has updated their binaries to v2.1.0.
```

> Estimated update time is Friday, 26th Nov, 1700UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Estimated upgrade time is Friday, 26th Nov, 1700UTC.
```

## Upgrade Instructions

> Please make sure to switch to the new software version on all of your nodes before this block height is committed on chain. If 67% of voting power does not upgrade to this version by `3126318` then the network will halt due to consensus failure.

Author: ```suggestion
Please make sure to switch to the new software version on all of your nodes before block height `3126318` is committed on chain. If 67% of voting power does not upgrade to this version by this block height then the network will halt due to consensus failure.
```

> Please make sure to switch to the new software version on all of your nodes before block height `3126318` is committed on chain. If 67% of voting power does not upgrade to this version by this block height then the network will halt due to consensus failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please make sure to switch to the new software version on all of your nodes before block height `3126912` is committed on chain. If 67% of voting power does not upgrade to this version by this block height then the network will halt due to consensus failure.
```

Build and install the `regen` binary using regen-ledger version `v2.1.0`:

```
git clone https://github.com/regen-network/regen-ledger
cd regen-ledger
git fetch --all
git checkout v2.1.0
make install
make build
```

Check the version to make sure the install was successful:

```
regen version
```

You should see `v2.1.0` printed to the console.

> If you're using cosmovisor then you will have to move the binary in the right directory as well.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're using cosmovisor copy the new binary to the `v2.0-upgrade` directory.
```

    
```

> cp $HOME/regen-ledger/build/regen $HOME/.regen/cosmovisor/upgrades/v2.0-upgrade/bin

Reviewer 2: I think we should use a new directory (v2.1.0) and link it to _current_

Author: Yea, this is a bit counter-intuitive but because this is not a standard software upgrade (no software upgrade proposal was submitted), a successful automatic upgrade using cosmovisor would actually require the user to place the v2.1.0 binary in the v2.0-upgrade directory. It's a trade-off between asking a user to manually switch the directory at a certain upgrade height or placing the v2.1.0 binary in the v2.0-upgrade directory. As discussed on our call, I will add a note to the document to let users know this is not a typo.

Author: Yea, this is a bit confusing but because this is not a standard software upgrade (no software upgrade proposal was submitted), a successful automatic upgrade using cosmovisor would actually require the user to place the v2.1.0 binary in the v2.0-upgrade directory.

It's a trade-off between asking a user to manually switch the directory at a certain upgrade height or placing the v2.1.0 binary in the v2.0-upgrade directory. As discussed on our call, I will add a note to the document to let users know this is not a typo.
